skip extention-definition objects in TAXII2ApiModule (#17547)
demisto/content: Packs/FeedTAXII/ReleaseNotes/1_1_4.md

#### Integrations
##### TAXII 2 Feed

> - Fixed an issue in **TAXII2ApiModule** where **extension-definition** objects arrived to the system instead of being skipped.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where **extension-definition** objects arrived were fetched as indicators of the wrong type instead of being skipped.
```

> - Fixed an issue in **TAXII2ApiModule** where an error message was thrown when not needed for server 2.1 connection.

Reviewer: i think we can remove that point, im afraid it might be more confusing than actually explain

what do you think ?

Author: Yeah might be, I'll remove it :)
